README.md, before:

# 🚀 Project Name

## 📌 Table of Contents
- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Inspiration](#inspiration)
- [Demo](#demo)
- [What It Does](#what-it-does)
- [How We Built It](#how-we-built-it)
- [How to Run](#how-to-run)
- [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
- [Team](#team)

---

## 🎯 Introduction
The Gen AI Test-Hub web application serves as a powerful solution for generating test scenarios with the aid of Generative AI technology. Its primary purpose is to streamline and enhance the test case creation process, making it accessible and efficient for software developers and testers.

## 💡 Inspiration - Problem Statement
Financial institutions operate within complex ecosystems comprising multiple interconnected systems, applications, and APIs. Testing these ecosystems often relies on static mock tools, leading to inefficiencies and high maintenance costs. The challenge is to develop a context- aware testing system leveraging Generative Al to validate different financial ecosystems dynamically. The solution should intelligently generate, modify, and adapt test scenarios based on evolving system contexts, reducing manual effort and increasing test coverage and effectiveness.

## 🎥 Demo
📹 [Video Demo]
(catfe-gen-ai-gladiators\artifacts\demo)
(https://drive.google.com/file/d/1IsOEYRXlt8z99EqS2GxhudzzoSYViAtO/view?usp=drive_link)

🖼️ Screenshots: 
(catfe-gen-ai-gladiators\artifacts\Application Screenshots)

## ⚙️ What It Does
The Gen AI Test-Hub web application serves as a powerful solution for generating test scenarios with the aid of Generative AI technology. Its primary purpose is to streamline and enhance the test case creation process, making it accessible and efficient for software developers and testers.

User Interaction with the Domain Selection
- Category Selection
- Testing Requirement
Test Scenario Generation Process
- OpenAI facilitated test scenarios generation
- Custom Scenarios Prompting
- Processing custom prompts
Feedback and Reporting Functions
- Rating the responses
- Downloading reports

## 🛠️ How We Built It
At the core of the application's functionality is its integration with the OpenAI API. This API enables the Gen AI Test-Hub to utilize Generative AI technology in generating test scenarios dynamically. By making secure API calls from the backend, the application retrieves AI-generated content based on user selection of categories, ensuring relevant and tailored output for test case generation.

## 🏃 How to Run
# Step 1: Clone the repository using the project's Git URL.
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/ewfx/catfe-gen-ai-gladiators.git
   ```
# Step 2: Navigate to the project directory.
   ```sh
   cd catfe-gen-ai-gladiators
   ```
# Step 3: Install the necessary dependencies.
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
# Step 4: Start the development server with auto-reloading and an instant preview.
   ```sh
   npm run dev
   ```

## 🏗️ Tech Stack
- 🔹 Frontend: React / Vite / Tailwind CSS / TypeScript
- 🔹 Backend: Node.js / Express API
- 🔹 Other: OpenAI API

## 👥 Team
- **Your Name** - Aravind Balasubramanian
- **Teammate 2** - Renuka Mahalingam
- **Teammate 3** - Sridhar PR
- **Teammate 4** - Sibani Dash
- **Teammate 5** - Manjunath TS

Commit message:

added links to architecture & documentation in README

README.md, after:

# 🚀 Project Name

## 📌 Table of Contents
- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Inspiration](#inspiration)
- [Demo](#demo)
- [What It Does](#what-it-does)
- [How We Built It](#how-we-built-it)
- [How to Run](#how-to-run)
- [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
- [Team](#team)

---

## 🎯 Introduction
The Gen AI Test-Hub web application serves as a powerful solution for generating test scenarios with the aid of Generative AI technology. Its primary purpose is to streamline and enhance the test case creation process, making it accessible and efficient for software developers and testers.

## 💡 Inspiration - Problem Statement
Financial institutions operate within complex ecosystems comprising multiple interconnected systems, applications, and APIs. Testing these ecosystems often relies on static mock tools, leading to inefficiencies and high maintenance costs. The challenge is to develop a context- aware testing system leveraging Generative Al to validate different financial ecosystems dynamically. The solution should intelligently generate, modify, and adapt test scenarios based on evolving system contexts, reducing manual effort and increasing test coverage and effectiveness.

## 🎥 Demo
📹 [Video Demo]
(catfe-gen-ai-gladiators\artifacts\demo)
(https://drive.google.com/file/d/1IsOEYRXlt8z99EqS2GxhudzzoSYViAtO/view?usp=drive_link)

🖼️ Screenshots: 
(catfe-gen-ai-gladiators\artifacts\Application Screenshots)

## ⚙️ What It Does
The Gen AI Test-Hub web application serves as a powerful solution for generating test scenarios with the aid of Generative AI technology. Its primary purpose is to streamline and enhance the test case creation process, making it accessible and efficient for software developers and testers.

User Interaction with the Domain Selection
- Category Selection
- Testing Requirement
Test Scenario Generation Process
- OpenAI facilitated test scenarios generation
- Custom Scenarios Prompting
- Processing custom prompts
Feedback and Reporting Functions
- Rating the responses
- Downloading reports

## 🛠️ How We Built It
At the core of the application's functionality is its integration with the OpenAI API. This API enables the Gen AI Test-Hub to utilize Generative AI technology in generating test scenarios dynamically. By making secure API calls from the backend, the application retrieves AI-generated content based on user selection of categories, ensuring relevant and tailored output for test case generation.

## 🏃 How to Run
1: Clone the repository using the project's Git URL.
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/ewfx/catfe-gen-ai-gladiators.git
   ```
2: Navigate to the project directory.
   ```sh
   cd catfe-gen-ai-gladiators
   ```
3: Install the necessary dependencies.
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
4: Start the development server with auto-reloading and an instant preview.
   ```sh
   npm run dev
   ```

## 🛠️ Architecture & Documentation

1. https://github.com/ewfx/catfe-gen-ai-gladiators/tree/main/artifacts/arch/Gen AI Test-Hub - Application Overview.pdf

2. https://github.com/ewfx/catfe-gen-ai-gladiators/tree/main/artifacts/arch/Gen AI Test-Hub - Application Overview.pptx

3. https://github.com/ewfx/catfe-gen-ai-gladiators/tree/main/artifacts/arch/Gen AI-Test-Hub - Logic Flow Diagram.jpeg

4. https://github.com/ewfx/catfe-gen-ai-gladiators/tree/main/artifacts/arch/Gen AI-Test-Hub - Swim Lane Sequence diagram.jpeg


## 🏗️ Tech Stack
- 🔹 Frontend: React / Vite / Tailwind CSS / TypeScript
- 🔹 Backend: Node.js / Express API
- 🔹 Other: OpenAI API

## 👥 Team
- **Your Name** - Aravind Balasubramanian
- **Teammate 2** - Renuka Mahalingam
- **Teammate 3** - Sridhar PR
- **Teammate 4** - Sibani Dash
- **Teammate 5** - Manjunath TS
